hi mystery kept here today i'm going to explain a
film based on the real life story of the youngest
warrior of world war ii called soldier
boy spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the movie begins in russia where a family of
three sit by the river enjoying their time
the youngest of them sergey alyuskov bose
to his elder brother and mother about him
being on top of a tree when suddenly german
fighter jets fly overhead the mother asked
her kids to quickly hide in the bushes but the
six-year-old claims he is not scared and strikes
the jet with a slingshot to everyone's surprise
he managed to hit the jets and explode them but
when he looks around his family is gone sergey
wakes up frightened from the dream and calls for
his mother just then someone knocks on his door
assuming it is his mother he runs toward it but a
neighbor woman comes in panicking she thanks god
for keeping him alive and informs him that his
mother and brother are dead the little boy cannot
comprehend what she is saying and wants to stay
in the house to wait for his mother the woman
tells him that germans have attacked them and
that he should run away just then some soldiers
approach their house the woman makes the gay run
out through the window but each short date before
she can join him the little six year old is now on
his own with no family and friends as sharky runs
away from the house he sees his whole neighborhood
burning behind him he calls for his mother in vain
and runs away from there after running for a while
he ends up in the middle of the woods the little
kid starts to call for his mother to come and get
him because he is lost that night he stays in the
jungle the following morning we see him drinking
water from a river when the enemy soldiers
approach his way circle knowing that they are
dangerous quickly hides inside a dress roots he
is startled when a snake comes nearby but doesn't
utter a ward or run away sergey is more scared
of the soldiers than the snake the soldiers eat
by the river and go away after which sergey takes
their leftover food and diverse it for the night
however by the end of the day the little boy is
exhausted he hasn't had a proper meal in two days
and has been walking with no destination he falls
down as he leans but doesn't stop walking while on
his way he sees wild berries and divorce them but
just then an explosion occurs behind him taking
him by surprise the boy gets dizzy and starts
to hallucinate someone coming behind him however
even in such conditions he stands brave and
tells the person he has a rifle and is not scared
he leans forward but falls unconscious after a
while while he is asleep two soldiers approach
him the scenes cuts to the russian army base where
commander kuznetsov waits for his petrol soldiers
they come in with the little kid who is injured
and weak when the soldiers claim they are on
his side the little boy opens up and introduce
himself the soldiers laugh when the kid shakes his
hand with the commander suggesting he introduce
himself to the soldiers feel a affectionate with
that little kid and circle him around they make
him drink water and feed him even the otherwise
cold commander takes care of the kid a nurse named
katya dresses churches owns and he charmed by his
personality too the kid asks her to draw a tank on
his wounds because he wants to be a soldier when
he grows up even the injured soldier talk to the
kid and feel lighter sergey is fascinated with the
commander's gun and his batch the commander
to answer all the little boys questions and
lets him play with his ornery pistol after
taking the bullets out sergey shows him the tank
drawn on his stomach and boasts about being a
soldier himself the boy is healing very quickly
the nurse katya asked the commander to let the boy
stay with the battlian but he disagrees claiming
that it won't be safe he wants to send sergey to
an orphanage the soldiers spent all their free
time with circuit he is visited by many throughout
the day they bring him food sent by their families
from afar and even let him play with their
binoculars one day a soldier goes to the commander
to ask him to let the boy stay with the battalion
the soldiers have grow a close connection with the
kid and think of him as their own his presence
takes the weight of war of their chest however
the commenter is adamant about sending the boy to
the orphanage for his own safety the following day
the enemies attack and many soldiers are hurt
a vehicle comes to fetch sergey to take him to
the orphanage the commander breaks the news to
the kid and gives him a wooden honoree pistol as
a gift the boy is turn hugs him claiming that he
is scared for the commander's safety the commander
melts in his embrace and changes his mind he asked
sergey to stay with the soldiers as his son that
night the soldiers took for little soldier cloth
for the little boy they are over the moon to have
sergey stay with them the commander wakes sergey
up and gives him the clothes he wears them and
runs around looking like a real soldier the others
start calling him their little soldier boy as the
kid runs around the germans launch an air attack
on the batlion the soldiers quickly take sergey
to a safe place and fight the others the number
of injured soldiers grows rapidly sergey wants to
make himself useful so he brings water to
thirsty soldiers one of them asked him to
read a letter sent by his family because he
has a bandage over his eyes the little boy
wants to help but doesn't know how to read he
takes the letter and starts making up the things
written on it claiming that the soldier's
cow is safe back home when the soldier says
he doesn't have a cow the others tell him to go
along with the story and laugh he did everyone
else letters in the same fashion and cheers them
up in the following scene we see kathya and the
commenter talking the two seem to be attracted
to each other but do not confess their feelings
later sergey tells the commander that he is of
the orderly position in the battlian and starts
introducing himself as one however the boy then
sees one of the soldiers station destroyed from
the attack the commander teaches him to take
his hat off to pay respect to the dead soldier
the next day he insists the commander give him
a mission and is given a task to distribute the
letters among the soldiers he completes his task
efficiently and even makes the soldiers dance
for him the following day sergey goes a little far
from the base with his binoculars as he is playing
with it he sees someone's leg moving from inside a
hashtag he rushes back to the battalion and tells
the soldiers about his findings the soldiers
are skeptical but go with the boy anyway when
they reach near the haystack they are alerted
to see two german spies hiding underneath the
spies are arrested and the kid is praised for
his intelligence that night the commander shows
sharkey the legal papers for his adoption he is
now officially the kid's father sergey knows of
the commander's feelings for katya so to repay his
kindness he takes him to confess to her but the
two see her talking to different men and wrongly
assume she is interested in someone else the base
is attacked by the germans again this time sergey
helps the soldiers with all his might by supplying
ammunition to the soldiers in the front line but
the soldiers there command him to go back to the
shed because it is too dangerous outside when
he comes to the shed he sees the commander and
others packing because the phone's connection with
the colony is lost a soldier is sent to fix the
broken bears sergey follows the soldier and sees
he has been fatally wounded he asked the dying
soldier how he can fix the wears and does it
himself the connection comes back and more troops
are called the six years old saves everyone's life
later we see the commander and katya talking by
the river the commander finally confesses his love
for her and asked her to be sarcase mother tatia
is over the moon but before she can say anything
a soldier approaches them and gives the commander
a letter saying they have been dispatched from
the base the following day all the soldiers
live for their new base along with chad however on
their way they come across a minefield that blows
off some of their vehicle the commander is
hurt while the group's orderly who sergey was
close with dies in the explosion he cries and
hugs the commander they carry the injured ones
with them and continue their journey to their new
base when they finally reach the other base they
meet the commander's leader the general he too is
impressed by the kids ambition and congratulates
the commander for having such a smart kid
the following day their division is awarded
a guards banner and so is the boy he promises to
save his country when the general gives him his
batch one night their base is attacked brutally
and the commander is trapped under the ruins
sergey cries for his father and tries to save him
he calls the other soldiers who finally bring the
commander out the next day sergey approaches an
injured commander his hands were hurt while trying
to save the commander the kid is now an inspirable
part of them he doesn't have a family beside them
and moves wherever they go in the world the movie
end as the resignment is seen moving to another
base a voice in the background narrates that he
even took part in the steely guard battle and
raised poland with the soldiers he is currently
known as the world's youngest soldier ever and the
legendary story of his bravery is now spread for
the whole world to here subscribe for more videos
like this turn on notifications and leave a like
to help the channel out thank you for watching